Expand on Dev Server `killed` FAQ item (#714)
inngest/website: pages/docs/faq.mdx

or, if you're on Vercel's Pro plan, [configure protection bypass](/docs/deploy/vercel#bypassing-deployment-protection).

## Why am I getting a `killed` error when running the Dev Server?
The Inngest CLI binary may become corrupted, particularly during updates while
being downloaded. Symptoms can also include the CLI giving no output or a
`Segmentation fault`.

Clear your npx cache by running `rm -rf ~/.npm/_npx`, or the cache of whichever

> package manager you're using to run the Dev Server (e.g. `pnpm prune`, `yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package manager you're using to run the Dev Server (for example `pnpm prune`, `yarn
```
